https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/8oueb7/i_work_security_at_disney_world_well_i_mean_i_did/

I work in security at Disney World, the happiest place on Earth. Typically, I wouldn’t say where I work as obviously there are some pretty strict rules about things employees can put online, but I just don’t think I can tell this properly without that context. And, honestly, I think this may be it for me anyway with this job. I just can’t see myself working here any longer now.

I’ve been with the company for 23 years. The first 20 years I worked in the parks – nabbing shoplifters and rounding up people who were drinking too much for the heat. Occasionally there’d be a fight to break up, but people usually kept it pretty mild.

The heat and walking was getting too much for me the last few years so I asked to be transferred somewhere with a/c and the company moved me to one of their resorts. While the working conditions were 110% better as far as climate and comfort go, the guest issues were trickier - mainly domestics. I guess the expensive and stress of vacation got to a lot of people and I’d be called by neighboring rooms because some mom and dad were yelling at each other. I’d try to suggest they take a nap or go do separate activities for a bit and that would usually calm them down.

But none of that is what I’m here for. I’ve got to get this out while I have time.

Three days ago I got a call from management. Apparently a couple of days before that, housekeeping had went into a room that should’ve been turned over that day (turned over is when one guest leaves by about 11:00 a.m. and the next guest checks in around 3:00 p.m.) and all of the guests’ items were still in the room. Housekeeping made a note of it and moved on, but during the next two days when they entered the room, everything was still there and untouched.

I went to check it out and sure enough there was an empty room full of luggage, clothes, snacks, some toys, everything a family would need for vacation. The manager had already looked up the previous reservation and it was for a family – dad, mom, two little kids. I tried to call the phone numbers they had given but all I got was voice mail. We were a bit stumped so I made the call that housekeeper could clean the room and take the family’s personal items to be held until we got in contact with someone.

I went digging into the reservation more. The family had arrived five days before housekeeping discovered all of their stuff. I found that the family had paid a parking fee and their vehicle description was listed. A quick walk of the parking lots and I had easily located their vehicle. So that ruled out a car accident or them deciding to just leave all their stuff behind.

Next, I saw that they had bought a dining plan. This is when a guest prepays for all of their food. They’re given a certain number of “credits” to use for meals. This family had only used 3 credits and the last one was two days after they checked in. It appeared that the day they arrived, they got here late and probably just stayed on the resort. The next day they used 2 credits at Epcot. The second park day they used just 1 credit at Magic Kingdom and it was at breakfast time.

Now at Disney we have something called Magic Bands. Magic Bands are worn by the guests and act as a room key, park ticket, credit card, dining reservation payment, fastpass (a system used to bypass lines), and more. It took some work, but I was finally able to look up this family’s fastpass history. The day they went to Magic Kingdom, they had breakfast at a restaurant in the park, rode a couple of rides, and then rode their last ride, It’s a Small World around 11:00 a.m. Then nothing.

Finally, it was time to bring in someone else on this. I called an old co-worker at Magic Kingdom and asked him to pull security footage for It’s a Small World at the time they rode it and I made my way over there. When I got there, my friend was very confused, almost distraught, looking. He showed me what he found. There’s usually a camera in the direction of where rides load and unload. The footage showed them scanning their bands to use fastpasses for the ride and boarding the ride. The footage from the exit of the ride just showed the other people in their car exiting. They weren’t there.

Of course we thought the worse, maybe one of the kids had fallen out and mom and dad and the other kid got off in the middle of the ride to help and they all got injured or killed or stuck in machinery somewhere. So we shut down the ride. Middle of the damn day. Turned off that ear worm music and turned up the lights. Me and my buddy walked that ride three times before we called in help. Eventually there was close to ten cast members searching, and we didn’t find shit except for three cell phones and a hat.

I was right stumped. I've kept digging the past couple of days, and I’m not sure who to tell what I found next to. I’ve called the police and I suppose they’re on the way, but the company has a way of covering up things like this and I decided I can’t live with myself if I don’t put out some type of warning.

I kept digging into their reservation over the last couple of days and today I noticed they had purchased memory maker. There are photographers all over the parks and cameras in a lot of the rides and, with memory maker, the photos are all free. They automatically get added to a guest’s Disney account when the system knows their picture has been taken. And the system always knows. Everyone’s whereabouts are always known with the Magic Bands.

Well, I opened up their memory maker photo album and, I swear, there’s 732 pictures. The first 30 or so are pretty normal. Epcot, a few rides, in front of the castle. But the rest. The rest are all in It’s a Small World. The rides only take one picture per go around. So it appears as though this family has ridden this ride over 700 times. The first picture was pretty normal. Everyone looked happy, it was busy day and a full car of guests. The next one is rough to look at. The car is empty except for this little family and they look so darn confused. The next 10-15 I can see dad getting angry, yelling. Mom is holding onto those two kids like her life depends on it and you can see the kids getting increasingly upset, crying. And it goes on, and on, and on. After 50 or so it looks like they’re trying to get out. In one the dad is missing. In another they’re all gone. Maybe like they’ve bailed early in the ride and tried to walk out, but in the very next one, they’re all right back in that damn car. After around 450 or so, I only see the mom and kids. It’s just when I look closely I can see dad, maybe just his body now, slumped down in one of the other seats. Since about 675, there’s just mom and one kid. Another body in another seat. The mom and kid aren’t moving anymore. I think them two are still alive, just damn near catatonic. Looking straight ahead, pale.

And, y’all, I swear on my fucking life, the dolls are moving or something. In some of these pictures I can tell they aren’t where they should be. I even saw one with a doll in the car with this family.

I can’t look anymore or I’m going to lose my lunch. I closed the album. It’s file sized has increased since I closed it. God, are there new pictures being added?

I see on security cameras that the local PD just arrived so they’ll take over soon. I wish I knew what the fuck is going on, but I also wish this damn thing had never landed in my lap. I don’t think I’ll be able to update this. After I talk to the police, I think I’m going to walk out of here and never come back. I just wanted to get this out there, before Disney feeds the media some bullshit cover up as to why a whole family vanished. They didn’t vanish. I know where they are.

https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/8ormzi/recalculating/

My grandmother gave me a TimTim navigation system – a crappy Chinese knockoff brand – for my 25th birthday last year.

At 92 years old, I don’t think Honey knew that I carry a GPS device in my pocket at all times – one that also happens to send texts, makes phone calls, and peruse Reddit.

When I ripped off the carefully placed wrapping paper and saw a TimTim inside, I mustered my most gracious fake smile and thanked her.

I’m sure I sounded like that little kid that went viral a while back. “It’s an avocado! Thaaaanks...”

Honey didn’t seem to mind, though. She just smiled her wrinkly, denture-filled smile, looked me in the eye and said “So you never end up in the wrong place at the wrong time.”

When Honey was growing up, sundials and star charts presented the primary means for navigating your wagon. I’m sure she thought this new-fangled TimTim was the cat’s pajamas.

Despite her good intentions, it ended up in the attic beside the chemistry set she bought me last Christmas after hearing I enrolled in a chemistry course at the local community college.

I consigned the TimTim to a life of dust-collecting there among other discarded gagets and seldom-needed holiday decorations, and I didn’t think about it again until Honey passed away last week unexpectedly – well… as unexpectedly as a 92-year-old can pass away.

She had been battling various physical ailments, like any older person, but she’d been relatively healthy. I’m just thankful my grandmother died peacefully in her sleep. She deserved that much, after the life she’d led.

She loved me better than anyone else I know. Selfless acts of service, kind words, and reassuring hugs were never lacking at Honey’s house, and her famous apple cake could always turn even my worst days into something worth smiling about.

I wish I’d told her that before she died. Isn’t it strange how you don’t fully understand how much you’ve always appreciated and admired someone, until it’s too late to tell them in person?

A couple of days after Honey’s funeral – which I’m pretty sure the entire town of Elmdale attended – my cousin Steph and I started reminiscing about the good times sleeping over at Honey’s house.

Steph and I are the same age, so we spent many weekends together as partners in crime. She’d flown in from University to pay her respects with the rest of the family, and she was staying with me until the time came to fly back.

“Hey, Luke. Do you remember having pecan-throwing wars in her backyard? Racing each other to the garbage can, because the lid made the best shield?”

“How could I forget? I was the one who always ended up with the most bruises, because you could chuck them harder than me.” I grimaced as I remembered the pain of regularly representing the losing side in our backyard battles.

“That’s just cause you throw like a girl,” Steph said, punching me in the arm.

My tricep had started to sting a little already where her knuckles connected, but I refused to rub the spot, denying her the satisfaction. “I’m pretty sure it’s because you grew into an all-State pitcher on the high school softball team.”

“Fair enough. Speaking of! we should go up to the park and hit a few rounds in the batting cages. For old time’s sake?”

“Yeah sure. I think I’ve still got an old bat and a bucket of balls up in the attic somewhere. If I can find them, that is…”

Together we plodded up the rickety ladder to see what wonders my attic had in store. I quickly located the dented old, aluminum bat and a bucket of dingy yellowing balls with their seems splitting from years of batting practice.

I found it tucked away in the corner, right next to the forgotten gift from Honey. The TimTim stared up at me from its box, which looked much fresher than most of the rubbish I kept up here. I felt tears welling in my eyes before I could stop them.

“Damnit. Some of the dust we stirred up got in my eye. It’s probably asbestos.” I tried to discretely wipe my eyes on the back of my shirt sleeve, so Steph wouldn’t see me crying.

“It’s ok. I miss her too,” said my cousin, as she placed a comforting hand on my shoulder.

Adrift in a new sea of memories, I picked up the TimTim and stared at it. “I never even used it. She probably spent a third of her social security check to buy this for me, and I never even used it.”

“Hey now. Don’t beat yourself up. That’s what I’m here for,” Steph said with a wink. “Besides, it’s not too late to use it now. Let’s take it with us to the ballpark. Wait, hold up. This says ‘TimTim,’ and the letters on the back of the box are Chinese or something. Hahaha.”

I nodded, handing her the TimTim so I could carry the sports equipment down the ladder and out to the car. We loaded the bat and balls in the backseat and hopped in the front. Since it was my car, I drove and Steph road shotgun.

We plugged in the TimTim and searched “Elmdale recreational complex” when it asked for a location. Steph and I both smiled as the robotic, male voice gave us its first instructions.

CONTINUE TO ROUTE

I pulled out onto the street I lived on and headed toward the stop sign at the first major intersection.

IN 400 FEET, TURN LEFT.

“No duh, Timmy boy” said Steph with a giggle, pointing to a large dead-end sign on the right side of the connecting street.

“Yeah, good thing it didn’t take us the other way. Mr. Richardson hates it when people hit the dead-end turn around in his driveway.” After I turned onto the road – following TimTim’s excellent advice about the left turn – I crinkled my face and shook my fist in an impression of the ornery old man.

CONTINUE FOR HALF A MILE, THEN TURN RIGHT.

“Huh? Steph, look at the map on that thing, will you? The rec complex is further down the road. Make sure it’s taking us to the right place.”

“Weird. It looks like it’s taking us into town instead of to the baseball fields.” She held the screen up, so I could see. That still counts as hands free driving, right?

“Oh yeah, I know that place. Someone opened some indoor batting cages last year in an old warehouse that closed down. It’s taking us there.”

“Oh that’s actually kind of cool.” Steph replied, squinting at the tiny map. “Is it right across from the library?”

“Nah, that’s a butcher shop - TURN RIGHT - Hey, maybe TimTim is taking us there instead. Maybe the guy ordered some fresh meat.” I made a chopping motion with my hand, bringing it down on Steph’s leg, just as we passed up the place the GPS had instructed us to turn.

RECALCULATING. IN 500 FEET, TURN RIGHT.

“Well he’s out of luck with you, cuz. You look like you haven’t eaten in weeks. Here I’ll put in the address for the rec center,” said Steph, returning her attention to the device.

RECALCULATING. MAKE A U-TURN AND CONTINUE ON THE ROUTE.

“Can you type faster please? If this thing keeps recalculating, I’m gonna go crazy.”

“Yeeeah, yeah. Here! Searching the address now,” she replied, setting the device down on the seat again.

IN 600 FEET, TURN RIGHT. THEN CONTINUE TO ROUTE.

Steph quickly snatched the TimTim back up. “You kidding me! I put in the address. How does it mess that up?”

“Where’s it taking us this time?” I said, laughing “Why does anybody buy these things anymore? They obviously stopped updating their maps.”

“The same place as last time -- RECALCULATING. IN 800 FEET, TURN RIGHT. -- Hey, maybe it’s a sign that we should go check out those new batting cages.”

“Fine, but you’re buying.” I slowed as I made the right turn. “I’m strapped for cash.”

CONTINUE FOR ONE MILE, THEN THE DESTINATION IS ON YOUR LEFT.

“Strapped for cash? What happened to all the money from that big-boy job, Mr. Businessman?”

“Bills happened. Big-boy job comes with student loan payments. Enjoy your last year of freedom, cousin dearest.” We rode the rest of that mile in silence, as the reality of our indentured servitude sank in.

ARRIVED.

I pulled into one of the slanted parking spots on the street, in front of a sign reading THE BULLPEN. “Odd name for a place for batting practice,” I said with a smirk. “Maybe they teach pitching lessons too? Maybe if this place had been open when you were in high school, you’d have gotten that softball scholarship you wanted.”

“Ooooh good one. Maybe if you weren’t such a prick you could get a date. Anyway, I don’t think they are teaching pitching lessons today. Looks closed.”

She was right. No lights were visible in the complex, and a sign on the door listing the place’s hours read, “Saturdays – CLOSED.”

“Welp. That explains the empty parking lot. I guess TimTim is the only one who doesn’t know they’re closed,” said Steph, giving the useless GPS a pat on the screen.

“Unless he really was taking us to be butchered.” I raised my arm and pointed across the street to the dingy, red brick building. Steph was the first to notice the sign.

“Huh… Tim's Asian Meats and Marinades,” she said quietly, as if to herself. “Hey you don’t really think –“

“That the off-brand GPS Honey gave me is leading us toward a man-eating butcher?” I finished for her.

“Well yeah, now that you say it out loud, it is kind of silly. But that name sure is a coincidence. Tim’s Asian Meats and Marinades. This thing is a TimTim,” she said, waving the device back and forth. “It would kind of explain the characters on the back of the box.”

As she finished explaining her conspiracy theory, the door to the butcher shop opened and a man walked out.

He shook a box of cigarettes, took one out and placed it in his mouth. His muscular, meaty hands were quavering as he flicked on his lighter and began smoking, and he kept glancing at us out of the corner of his eye throughout process.

“Get a load of this guy. How does he keep any customers, looking all nervous like that? It’s like he’s on drugs or something,” Steph said, her voice faltering as the man turned toward us and returned her stare.

His thick apron was streaked with dark red and grayish stains. His cigarette hung limply from his sweaty, bristly face, and his thick arms hung from his sides. His hands were both clenched tightly into fists.

“Yeah, that must be Tim. I don’t think we should stick around to say hello.” I said, pulling out of the parking space, back onto the street.

“Hurry up, he’s still staring. OH GOD! He’s walking this way! Drive, drive!” Steph yelled. She was turned around in her seat, staring back toward the butcher.

I pushed the gas pedal to the floor, peeling out on the road. As the car screeched into motion, I looked behind in the rearview mirror to see the guy now advancing briskly toward us, shaking one huge fist in the air and yelling something unintelligible.

He raised his arm above his head and roughly brought it down, throwing his cigarette onto the ground. He stomped it beneath one of his black boots, grinding the spark out of it on the concrete below.

“What the hell was that about!?” Shrieked Steph. “Do you know that guy?”

“Nope, but I know one thing. I’m sticking to Google Maps from now on.” I said, my heart finally slowing as I turned onto the highway to head toward the recreation center and the angry stranger disappeared from view.

She didn’t reply. I think we were both still collecting ourselves after the close call at the butcher shop.

IN 400 FEET, TURN RIGHT. THEN CONTINUE TO ROUTE.

I jumped as the loud voice broke the silence unexpectedly “Seriously?! Steph, turn that thing off. I know how to get to the rec center.”

“Well, it isn’t taking us there anyway… It’s taking us back to your house. Stupid thing must think we hit a few balls and got ready to head home.”

RECALCULATING. PERFORM A U-TURN.

“I said turn it off! I can’t handle this right now!”

“I did! I swear! I pressed the ‘end route’ button with the big, red X.”

RECALCULATING. TURN BACK NOW.

“Well, press it again!”

RECALCULATING. TURN BACK NOW.

“I am! I am!” She said, smashing the small screen repeatedly with her index finger. “It’s not working!”

RECALCULATING. TURN BACK NOW.

TURN BACK NOW.

TURN BACK NOW.

The robotic voice played on a loop, those three words over and over.

TURN BACK NOW.

TURN BACK NOW.

TURN BACK NOW.

“Enough! I’m unplugging this piece of shit.” I screamed as I grabbed the chord and yanked the plug out of the cigarette lighter. The screen turned black at once, but the voice continued.

TURN BACK NOW.

TURN BACK NOW.

“Why is it still going! And why does it keep getting louder!?” Steph’s voice was shrill and shaky.

TURN BACK NOW.

“I don’t know. Just throw it out the window!”

TURN BACK NOW.

“Luke! This is the last thing Honey ever gave you. I’m not throwing it out!”

TURN BACK NOW.

“Fine. I guess TimTim wins.” I said flatly, as I slammed on the breaks and jerked the steering wheel around, sliding to a stop in the turning lane at a break in the median of the highway.

TURN BACK NOW.

TURN BACK NOW.

TURN BACK NOW.

“Jesus! I am, give me a minute!” I stepped onto the gas at the first opportunity, shooting into far too narrow a gap in traffic. The car behind me hit his breaks and laid on his horn.

My chest heaved and my hands were clenched, white knuckled on the wheel. After a few minutes, my heart began to slow again and I started to relax. It took me a bit to realize why.

The droning, mechanical voice had stopped. Once I turned the car around onto the highway, TimTim never said another word.

Steph and I didn’t talk the entire ride home either. No one said a word, even after we were back inside my house. She went straight to the guest room and shut the door. I went to bed early.

The next morning when I walked sleepily into the kitchen, Steph sat at the table, reading the Sunday paper. “You’ll never believe this.” She said, handing me the front page.

On it were two headlines. The first read “LOCAL BUTCHER GUNNED DOWN BY STREET GANG.” It showed a picture of the guy we’d seen yesterday. Violence was big news in my small town, but it was the second headline that really caught my eye.

“UNDERGROUND STORAGE TANK EXPLODES AT ELMDALE RECREATIONAL”

I glanced up at Steph, who nodded slowly and began reading the article aloud.

"An underground gas storage tank exploded yesterday evening, around 5 o’clock. Sources in nearby neighborhoods say the detonation was audible from their homes, up to two miles away."

"The Elmdale Fire Department arrived on the scene and put out the burning concession stand. Authorities say no one was injured in the blast, but much of the facility was destroyed, including the batting cages, which were located directly above the faulty tank.”

It took me a minute to process.

“Holy shit, Steph. Five o’clock? That’s around the time we would’ve been there, if we hadn’t come back home instead.”

“I know. It’s a good thing we got that TimTim down from the attic. Luke… Do you – do you think Honey knew somehow?”

Then I remembered the day Honey gave it to me, and what she had said. “So you never end up in the wrong place at the wrong time."

https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/8oo0q6/update_i_found_a_secret_room_under_my_kitchen_i/

Yesterday, I found a hidden room under my kitchen floor. Inside I found a bunch of things that don't make sense, including pictures of people who don't exist and a weird picture book that keeps changing. Toward the end, I discovered something is living under there. So I called the cops for help. They sent someone out yesterday.

Now the cop is gone and no one remembers him except me.

He got to the house around six-thirty and introduced himself as “Deputy Matthew Murphy, ma’am. ”

By that point, Mariah and I realized that no matter what we did, images of the floor and the hidden room wouldn’t show up on the Instax or the phone camera.

Mariah convinced me to tell the cop about the pictures. Normally I wouldn’t bother, but apparently Murphy used to date Mariah. She had a high opinion of him and promised he’d listen. He did, for about a minute, then started an ominous line of questioning that made me paranoid about 5150 holds.

His callous dismissiveness brought Mariah nearly to tears. She stormed out of the house, leaving me to present the grand tour by myself.

Murphy lost no time climbing into the basement. He carefully inspected the rotted floor, the furniture, and the appliances with an increasingly disturbed expression. “You found this yesterday?” he asked.

I hovered by the ladder, unwilling to go too deep into the room. “Yeah.”

He swept the flashlight beam over the ruins of the upper floor. “I can’t believe it didn’t cave in. Did you know it was like this?”

“No.”

“I’d get my money back if I was you.” Murphy squatted by the sofa and checked underneath. “Bunch of kid toys under here. And…” He grimaced and pulled something out. It scraped over the floor, cleaving an eruption of oily wood mush in half.

It was a short, narrow trident. Twisted and polished like a marble braid, it couldn’t have been more than two feet long. The perfect size, I thought, for a child.

Murphy frowned, then looked up at me. “Is this yours?”

My temper threatened to break it bounds. “No. I don’t know what any of this is.”

He stood up, then yelped as he slipped and spun over a slimy patch of rot.

“They’re all over the place,” I said. “Those soft spots, I mean.”

“I see that.” Murphy stepped further into the room, carefully examining the beds. He caught sight of the hair, long and stringy and soaking in its puddle of oil. Then he glanced at me over his shoulder. It was quick, and he did his best to rearrange his expression into something neutral, but it was too late. He was suspicious.

At that moment, a cacophony exploded. I jumped and covered my ears. It did nothing against the onslaught of sound. But as quickly as it came, it faded. Soon enough it was that familiar muffled, watery melody, emanating from the far wall.

Murphy gave me an accusing stare. He looked flushed, even in the dim. “There’s someone in here?”

“Why do you think I called you?” My voice wavered wildly.

“Dispatch didn’t –”

A deafening boom shook the walls. By my feet, a half-congealed puddle of oil and decayed wood trembled like jello.

The boom came again, and again, and again, repeating in an almost playful rhythm. Then I realized: it was matching the beat of the song.

The couplet wound through my mind: the people who come after you dance and sing in hidden rooms. I shuddered and bit back a whine.

Murphy radioed for backup and drew his gun. “Do you know how many are in there?”

“No,” I said, even as my eyes flitted to the quartet of steel bedframes and moldy, disintegrating mattresses.

But it wasn’t a quartet anymore. A fifth bed had joined the original four. No. Not joined. It had already been there, and I’d just…forgotten. Misremembered.

Pain pulsed through my temples, lancing like a scalpel, and I looked away.

Murphy ordered, “Go back up the ladder.”

The bookcase juddered and tipped as if in slow motion before crashing to the floor. A doorframe stood behind it, covered in thick layers of flaking paint. The door rattled, shaking loose clouds of flaky dust, and creaked open.

Darkness radiated from the opening. Murphy’s flashlight couldn’t quite penetrate it. A million motes of dust swirled in the beam, stopping just short of the entry. Like it had hit a dusty black curtain.

“Sheriff’s department! Come out!” Murphy barked. “Hands in the air, now!”

Somewhere behind that shadowy curtain, two small, golden pinpricks blinked to life.

Murphy approached the door, gun pointed right between those yellow lights. “I said come the fuck out!”

The lights drifted closer, tiny will o wisps in the darkness.

“Stop!” Desperation tinged Murphy’s voice. “Drop what you’re holding, get on your knees, and crawl to me!”

The lights went out. Murphy’s flashlight flickered and died, shrouding that end of the room in darkness. The only light filtered in from the kitchen overhead, dim and yellow and far too thin.

A soft pitter-patter sounded near the sofa. I whirled around and caught sight of a tottering, big-headed shadow ducking low.

“Murphy.” My voice issued in a shaky, sick whisper. Like all those nightmares where you’re trying to scream but barely hiss.

The yellow lights flared to life again, suddenly blinding. Murphy’s form turned into a flat, dark shadow limned in spoiled yellow gold. More pattering echoed across the room. I watched, flabbergasted, as that toddling, misshapen form darted behind Murphy. In its hand I saw the trident.

“Murphy!” I wheezed.

He whipped around just as the lights disappeared again.

Silence fell, broken only by my own ragged breathing.

Then dry skittering filled the room. It gathered in the corners and spread, furtive and somehow unwholesome. I scrabbled for the ladder, nearly tipping it over in the process, and hauled myself up on dangerously weak legs.

I’d barely taken a step when small, viciously strong fingers grabbed my ankle. I screamed and flailed. The hand tugged. I lost my balance and toppled to the floor. The ladder came with me, clipping my cheek. Sharp, starry pain burst across my head.

I lay there, stunned, as the kitchen lights came back on. Then adrenaline resurged. I kicked the ladder off and darted away, gagging as my hand plunged through yet another pond of rotted mush. I pulled it out, panicking as something inside pulled back.

It twisted around my fingers, feeling for all the world like it was dragging me back.

With a final, desperate wrench, I freed my hand. A massive cluster of wet hair came with it. Long and light, maybe red or dark blonde. A sweet, moldy smell erupted from the hole, halfway between a flower garden and a dumpster.

I tried to flick the hair away, but only succeeded in flinging drops of oily water across the room. “Murphy?” I gasped. “Murphy!”

He’d radioed for backup, I reminded myself. He called for help. They’d be here any minute, if I could just hold on –

A small, cold hand slipped into mine.

I screamed again and reared back. It was a little boy with wet, filthy hair. Tear tracks streaked sallow skin. He rubbed his eye and sobbed.

To my horror, I recognized him. He was the little boy from the photographs, the one who looked so uncomfortable in front of the camera.

His lip trembled. “Why did you come down again?” Fresh tears dripped down his face. “Are you trying to come after us?”

A bobbing, bulbous figure rose behind him. Its outline flickered and morphed, reminding me absurdly of a cheap cartoon. Like Ed, Edd, n’ Eddy or Whatever Happened to Robot Jones.

Another boom shook the walls as the eerie golden lights flared at the far end of the room. They were terribly bright, almost blinding.

The little boy screamed: “GO UPSTAIRS!”

The lights bobbed and drifted forward. I feverishly lifted the ladder and wedged it against the hole. I hesitated briefly, then extended a hand to the child. He shook his head. “I can’t, Mommy! Go up! Go up now!”

But it was hard to leave him. I wondered desperately if I could climb up with one arm while carrying him in the other. I glanced at the lights again, fighting down panic as I thought of Murphy. They were hypnotically beautiful, like flames made round and gentle.

“Don’t look!” the boy shrieked. “Go back! Don’t come after us again or we have to come after you!”

That misshapen little shadow stretched and splintered into a hideous, multi-limbed form. Before I could react, it wrapped itself around the little boy. Together they exploded into tatters of twitchy shadow.

The lights were halfway across the room now. They approached with the slow, silent surety of a predator. I tore myself away and climbed to the upper floor.

As soon as my feet hit the floorboards I ran outside, screaming. Disorientation immediately set in. Full sunlight flooded my yard. Not evening, not twilight, not even sunset, just unmistakable midday.

Mariah rushed to me. “What’s wrong? Oh my God, are you okay? Did you get hurt?”

I babbled wildly about Murphy and shadows and tridents and little kids, quickly devolving into hysterical sobs.

Mariah helped me sit on the grass. It was warm and damp. Rich smells of greenery and smoke and freshly watered earth surrounded us and slowly soothed me.

Mariah brushed my hair away from my face. “Jesus. Next time I’ll grab the damn marshmallows.”

“W-What?”

She looked at me strangely. I hopped to my feet and for the first time, looked around. She’d lit the barbecue grill. Cheap hot dogs, graham crackers, chocolate bars, and two-pronged grilling sticks were arranged nearby.

I shook myself internally. “Mariah, we have to go. There’s something down there, there’s people…and Murphy, something killed Murphy!”

“What are you talking about?” Mariah asked uneasily. “Who the hell is Murphy?”

I scanned her face for any sign of a joke. Pressure built in my chest, culminating in a rough, painful sob. “What?”

Long story short, Mariah doesn’t remember Murphy. In a stark panic, I called the sheriff, demanding to know when his backup would arrive.

They had no idea what I was talking about. No record of a Matthew Murphy on the force, no call out to my house, certainly no backup request originating from my area.

I went off on Mariah, berating her for making fun of me and demanding how she managed to forget a boyfriend before collapsing into a quivering heap.

It gets worse. Mariah doesn’t remember seeing the room. As far as she knows, I invited her over for hot dogs and s’mores. I’d gone in to grab the marshmallows, and ran out screaming like a banshee two minutes later.

She remembers the photos and the picture book, but nothing else. No subterranean room, no music, no greasy, hairy rot puddles.

And no Matthew Murphy.

Mariah made me go home with her. At my request, she entered my house –“holy shit!” she yelled upon seeing the room under the floor, presumably for the first time – and gathered the picture book and the photos.

Once I calmed down, I left a voicemail for my realtor. Then I sat down to look at the photos again.

I wish I hadn’t.

The one with the little girl and boy has changed. Behind them and off to the side, peering over the bottom of the frame, is the top of an odd, lumpy head. A blurry sliver of a misshapen eye is just visible. Even with the poor definition, I can tell its green. Clear, unusually bright sage green.

The exact same color as my eyes. I don’t know what it means, or if it means anything at all.

I checked the book, too. The pages have shuffled again. The first couplet occupies the third to last page. The second to last page now bears the line about the people singing and dancing in hidden rooms.

And the very last page has an illustration of a long, dark room. At the very end is an open door. Beyond that door is rich, almost fuzzy darkness, broken only by a pair of small yellow eyes.

Underneath were the words:

They have a master. He’s called Noon

Noon needs people who come after you

Poor Noon is grand and he is sad

Noon will eat them when they’re bad

Noon plays games that have funny rules

With the people who come after you

I stared at that silly watercolor picture, transfixed by those bright yellow eyes. Then I cried for a long time.

I’m more afraid than I’ve ever been, but I think I have to go back.

The thing that lives under my house ate a cop out of existence. Hell, it even ate the day and rewound the clock.

What if I do have a family? What if that creature ate them, too? They have to still exist somewhere. That boy called me Mom. And I have these pictures. Maybe it’s a trick, but what if it’s not?

If they’re trapped there – if even one person is trapped there – how can I abandon them?

I can’t. So unless something changes, I’m going back tomorrow. I don’t know who’s coming after me, but I guess I’m coming after them now.
